Please come to introduce me, the second Yoiko mascot character can at Kansai International Airport.
Was
Please
rar
dnano
There is a certain over today Blue Kansai style
Nee and Cancun Cancun after Tsu Kell Innovation new Matsuko
When
I'm going to go to bed already, yes I'm talking about black decisions between the same airport today
Ne
Gave me rushed to the introduction
I want to see sightseeing soon too
Now I think the Garden So like to introduce immediately Te documents allowed to but ready little I now
The name of the mascot character is
Therefore
Mooncake premature
wh
rar
Come on So there you and pains was Once I everyone's venue is finally the moment of the first showcase
I would like to read Sorayan together
It becomes accent of solar matter of Kansai dialect
We were able to read with you at the venue together
Ne also a small friend also call master
Eat Lou
Yes Well then Eee I
Well a loud voice to say that elite of
Please try to be glad
Well then we all go in a good place with a loud voice.
ano
car
me
Thank you for digging the pair
Thank you so but not take off it from appeared in Hi Hey Hey everyone shutter chance
I would like
Nema- kun, I am good friend
An observation deck with a good view of the airplane
Here Raso three lives
I hope to fly in the sky someday
And helping with the work of everyone working at the airport
My hobbies are playing with my favorite children and taking a walk around the city
And I also like to collect two from fashionable clothes
Osaka International Airport same scene mascot character
Such lovable itayamo including everyone in the surrounding area
I wish you please Regards
Now let me explain the process that led to the naming of the sky and so on, and my January
There was application of nut 19042 in approximately one month more
Per the new mascot of the naming of the Osaka International Airport
It's welcome to the point of here selection is
Befits the character of the Osaka International Airport in the name of Hisashi easy to see a charming sense of language
Zona and down Kansai Airport 8
Hmm
Easy to understand even when combined
Now we decided to yan sky
It's Ie is very easy to remember
It in and came again large to those last to aoh from reason again to everyone
I received over
a I will consider it as your time here in the commemorative photo
Low secretary's and Oiko's a and peace, President Okamoto, president Please rise you please
I think it would be time to end the photo shoot time, but may I?
pair
ｰｰｰ everyone Thank you very much
tee
Ah ah ah ah
Thank you
We end the new mascot character first unveiling ceremony with Naganaga
Thank you very much for today
me
from o'clock light of day fabric 10 of ana
deanna